Dear Bluthardt,

It's structure. My response to the question you asked me.

Did I ever tell you: I never knew my parents, nor any other family member for that matter; as far back as I can remember. I've never cared to learn of them, though. Since I was a young boy on the streets--struggling to keep this life of mine going--all I've ever yearned for is formality, professionalism, and... structure.

Nor do I care to be pitied, mind you. Just as how you weren't looking to be pitied back when we first met at Fuck You's bar. You weren't the leader of Strakh then, simply "a younger brother looking to gain power for enacting his ideals." I believe these are the words you used while moping to yourself about being denied promotion.

A few months ago, I told you about Corporal Hank Volgar; I could see his story left an impression on you as well. That man's background reminds me of myself, and his ideals of you. Well, he has decided to leave the marines and fight to be free. Bluthardt. Even that Corporal, after all that he went through, knew to leave the marines instead of causing a stir. What in the world had possessed you, for you dared to invoke the wrath of the Third Imperium's military?

A few weeks ago, orders came from above for my marine detachment to disassemble your militia. While this irony may seem to rival the Vilani Opera, I'm sure Command wasn't aware of the conflict of interests involved. This is why I invited you to Fuck You's; I'm sure you'd understand, I didn't wish to put my soldiers in unnecessary danger.

When I aimed my body pistol at your face, I was expecting a look of shock, or confusion at the very least. Yet that look you gave me while asking your question, it has been burned into my memory. I write this letter as a way to appease my nightmares, not to answer your question. After all--I shot out your brainstem--I don't reckon you'd still be curious for the answer, my friend. Not that I think the reason you asked a question as your last words was to hear my response.

I killed you without a hint of emotion on my face. Killed you in cold blood, as it's you who taught me how a military collapses if even a single officer's insubordination goes forgiven.

Alas, like Hank, I'm handing in my resignation. Is this what structure has lead me to, taking the life of the one familial bond I had? I will become a spacer. I'm going to join up with Hank and start our own coterie of bounty hunters, maybe then I'll come to understand what lead you to go against the Third Imperium.

I apologize if this letter reads as a disjoint dump of thoughts.

Juzo Okita